WIP: metadata docs (#713)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-api/admin-cloud-api.md

---
title: "dbt Cloud Administrative API"
id: "admin-cloud-api"
---

The dbt Cloud Administrative API is enabled by default for _Team_ and _Enterprise_ plans. It can be used to:

- Download artifacts after a job has completed
- Kick off a job run from an orchestration tool
- Manage your dbt Cloud account
- and more

> You can learn more information [here](/dbt-cloud/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find reference documentation for the dbt Cloud Administrative API [here](/dbt-cloud/api).
```
